---
layout: post
title: Ok you've coded some Ruby... What are you doing now?
feature-img: "img/blue.png"
---

Well. Let me tell you, I have been up to my elbows in JavaScript learning some vanilla JS and expanding my knowledge in jQuery all while holding down a job as a superb claims specialist and networking in the local coding community. Now on to the topic of JavaScript... I must concede that it may not be my favorite language that I have had exposure to so far, but it does seem to have its benefits and do some pretty interesting stuff. Yet still, some Ruby on Rails with a little jQuery can do an awful lot as far as I'm concerned and I know that I have only scratched the surface so far. It's a decently deep scratch, but not enough in my eyes. I want **more!**

So, the fact that I've just scratched the surface is a bit of a problem for me, because I want to be the best and have this strong drive to always get better and quickly... But currently, finding time on the weekends, evenings and in between life is all I get. And while it's definitely enough time to get through checkpoints in Bloc and has been enough to build little projects, that's about it when I'm putting in 40+ hrs doing otherwise each week. But that's just the thing, right now I have been coding approximately one year and I have learned a heck of a lot, there's a ton in front of me to learn and I can't wait to keep going with this but I have to remind myself sometimes to temper this ambition and remember reality and the fact that this is not my day job, I'm not a college student with all day to work on this but that I have responsibility in life. So the moral of the story, I'm proud of what I have accomplished, proud of what I'm doing now and just need to remember not to beat myself up because of my own expectations. I'm writing this out so I can come back and read this from time to time and **remember**.
