---
layout: post
title: Why now? What makes you think you're ready?
feature-img: "img/blue.png"
---

So... I recently had a mock-interview with my mentor that was probably equal parts successful and awkward. In large part it was because this was a very different interview from what I have ever experienced in the past. I can sell you a stapler based on the merits of its color, type and function any day. I can explain in detail a time that I overcame an obstacle or difficult situation at work, how I approached the problem and what the outcome was any day. But to explain what an object is?? Well I know what it is, but put on the spot it was hard to describe. It was like someone asking me to describe the word **the**. I know what is is and how to use it but just sort of took it for granted. In retrospect I can look back now and say, "Duh! An object is an instance of a class." and "A class is a description or template of what an object could be." At the time however while the coffee that morning hadn't made it to my brain yet I was found stumbling around for an answer.... And boy am I glad about that! Because at least now I know slightly what to expect.

The real curveball question that I got though is still rattling around in my head... What makes you think you're ready to do this? What makes you think you can be a Ruby on Rails developer....

Well obviously it's because I have a lot of bluish-teal checkmarks on my roadmap at Bloc. Oh wait... Scratch that. What makes me ready? It got me to really thinking. I don't know everything, I'm not a Ruby Ninja that eats gems for breakfast or a Code Warrior that will wow you with my superior coding skills. Not yet anyways. I know enough to be dangerous though. Bloc has taught me to code and code well. I have created 4 applications at this point of varying levels of complexity and all on my own essentially. Yes I have had guidance but don't we all? Each project has presented it's own level of difficulties, challenges and times where I have wanted to bang my head on the desk but I've overcome them, searched out resources and developed my own solution. Keyword **developed**. I have **developed software** and with my background, my prior accomplishments and my thirst for knowledge I know that I'm ready because I have already been doing this. Now it's time to make my passion into a career. 
