---
layout: post
title: Geo-Locate what?
feature-img: "img/map.jpg"
---

Ok so there's a new project on my portfolio here called the Geo-Location challenge. This was a unique project as I got my first chance to work with Google API's and it's funny because I tried initially to work with strictly integrating JS directly into my Rails App. And while it is a bit odd when writing in HAML it is still <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9744169/include-inline-js-in-haml">possible</a>. But _no one_ seemed to be doing that. Every reference I found simly said to use the gem <a href="https://github.com/apneadiving/Google-Maps-for-Rails">gmaps4rails</a> and I've got to say that I'm definitely a fan. If I ever need to use Gmaps again on a rails app, it makes your life quite easy. If it ain't broke, why fix it? Right?!

Now there was one challenge however and I didn't find that any references on how to approach this so I thought someone somewhere may find this useful one day. Part of the challenge in this project was to sort each point by distance from a central location and add them to the map. Now the distance portion was interesting because each point couldn't be calculated by finding the distance in a straight line like on a graph written on paper because the points lie on the earth which is round. So... I created a method to calculate a distance score based on the latitude and longitude which would take into account things like the curvature of the earth and then ordered the points by this score which worked great! Adding the points then was easy, just follow the documentation for the gem. Now for the default location/value, that's where it got tricky.

```
def welcome
  @locations = Location.all
  @five_locations = Location.all.limit(5)
  @loc_hash = Gmaps4rails.build_markers(@five_locations) do |location, marker|
    marker.lat location.latitude
    marker.lng location.longitude
  end

  @loc_hash.push({lat: 33.1243208,lng: -117.32582479999996})
end
```

So what's going on here? "@five_locations" is the top five closest locations as it's already been sorted by a scope. "@loc_hash" then becomes the data set that gmaps4rails uses to create markers on the map but that's all it would take... I couldn't get it to take both the hash and a secondary value. So the solution clearly became to simply push the default value to the hash and that way it would create markers for not only the 5 selected locations but also for the default location.
